>> Sarah Drasner: A lot of times
when we talk to people about SVG,
they're like, but the support.
No, no, no, no, no, the support [LAUGH]
was a problem a long, long time ago.
And those things have all changed.
That one with the IE11 that's green,
it actually goes back to IE9.
I don't know why they don't show
that appropriately in the Can I Use.
But look at all that green.
We've got.
We never get.
That never happens.
So if you're worried about not using
SVG because of the support of SVG,
don't worry.
That's long gone, since been an issue.
So I hope I never have to
show this slide again.
We can move forward into the future
knowing that SVG is well supported and
we can all use it.
And it's just like a party.
I can make my own party with SVG or
I can have JavaScript be the event
coordinator for me, get it event.
If you don't like JAD jokes,
this is gonna be a long day.
[LAUGH]
So I really think that the way that
you can play with it and
manipulate it is really, really fun.
And by the end of the day,
you'll know how to do this.
>> Sarah Drasner: Why do we talk about
images when we talk about performance?
Images are really,
really important for performance.
When I talk about SVG being a really
important and really performant and
really small file size.
When I look at HTTP archive, most of what
we deliver across the web is images.
That's the heaviest thing.
We can all really do
good in optimizing fonts,
optimizing JavaScript,
making sure our build sizes are small.
But if you're not also
optimizing your images and
paying attention to how big your images
are, you're doing yourself a disservice.
That's a really big cost for performance.
We're gonna talk a bit
about performance before we
even get into animating anything at all.
I love this quote by Jason Grigsby,
if you were here yesterday,
I used this quote in both slide decks,
because I think it's really important.
You can't be a web performance expert
without being an image expert, and
I think that that's really true.
If you really want to understand and
care for your site's performance,
it's really important to understand
how to optimize correctly.
So SVG is really great for loaders.
I made this for Smashing Magazine.
if you go and buy anything for
Smashing Magazine and
you have this check out experience,
then you'll see this little cat watching
the little bird before you check out.
The really amazing thing is
when they gave me this graphic,
they were like, we really wanted to use
this loader but we think it's too heavy.
I think it was something like 150
kilobytes and I was like, no worries.
The entire thing now,
once I optimized it, was six kilobytes.
That's including the animation,
the whole thing packaged up.
So if you optimize correctly,
you can save a whole of stuff.
Also, it's perfect for loaders.
If you need something to load fast, six
kilobytes is a really good way of going.
That's a lot visual information for
not a lot of cost.
SVG can make other images smaller.
So there's this JPEG to SVG
that my friend Shaw made.
If you don't follow him,
he's shshaw on Twitter and CodePen.
He made this and
there's some prior art here.
He made it off of this other concept
that other people had been working on.
But you can use this.
And I wasn't specifically picking an image
here, I was just picking something random.
So 38 kilobytes to 16 kilobytes just for
some random image.
So you can go play with this and
check it out,
and he has some documentation for
how he's making this as well.